KATHY LAMBERT Web Designer | Software Developer | Project Manager TKathleen.Lambert@gmail.com | kl-resume_le.surge.sh | 504.782.0376 PROFILE I am an intellectually curious individual with an insatiable desire to understand. I utilize my diverse background, experiences, and skills to help me be a resourceful, organized and forward-thinking web designer and software developer. SKILLS JavaScript Python NodeJS ExpressJS Materialize Git Agile Scrum MongooseJS REST/API ReactJS Ruby on Rails MongoDB PostgreSQL HTML CSS GitHub Heroku JSON/AJAX 
EDUCATION General Assembly Web Development Immersive | 2017 - 2018 Built fluency by completing a full-stack web development immersive 500-hour program. Focused on core languages and industry best practices in Object-Oriented Programming, MVC frameworks, Data Modeling and test-driven development environments. Saint Louis University MBA. Marketing & HR | 2009 - 2012 Saint Louis University BS. Marketing | 2002 - 2006 
EXPERIENCE Full-Stack Web Development Immersive Student General Assembly, Washington, DC Nov 2017 - Feb 2018 Developed a portfolio of individual and collaborative projects including: - Family Cookbook Manager | http://bit.ly/FamCkBk - Created with JavaScript, NodeJS, & Materialize. - Built a back end web application developed with views rendering to the front-end client side. - StudyBuddy | http://biker-bunnies.surge.sh/ - Designed with JavaScript, HTML & CSS. - Engineered a flash-card web application with arrow key event listeners. 
Operations Analyst II Computer Systems Center Incorporated (CSCI) Springfield, VA | Jan 2017 - Sept 2017 Aligned with the PM to ensure successful program execution while managing program risks with mitigation plans in an Agile Scrum environment. 
Lead Program Analyst Get It Done Solutions (GID) Solutions Stafford, VA | Jul 2016 - Dec 2016 Oversaw analytical, administrative and technical acquisition support while ensuring that contractual, cost and Integrated Master Schedule (IMS) objectives were met. Cultivated and supervised junior program analysts. 
Management Analyst II LTC Solutions Stafford, VA | Jun 2012 - Mar 2016 Orchestrated with the PM, to execute the management of proposals and contracts, in the hundreds while overseeing three (3) team members. Evaluated and reviewed topic submission for development to ensure applicability with the SBIR; resulting in the successful execution of annual $18M fiscal year budget. 
Program Coordinator Saint Louis University St. Louis, MO | Sept 2008 - Dec 2011 Improved the 1818 ACC Program website design while managing the publication and composition as the webmaster and content creator.
